Update README.md (#45)
mablhq/github-run-tests-action: README.md

### Example workflow: Simple

```
name: mabl test workflow
on: [push]

name: mabl Simple Example

jobs:
  test:
    name: mabl Test
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    environment: 
      name: production
      url: https://sandbox.mabl.com/
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Functional test deployment
      - name: Trigger mabl Deployment Event
        id: mabl-test-deployment
        uses: mablhq/github-run-tests-action@v1
        env:
          MABL_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.MABL_API_KEY }}

>           GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}

Reviewer: This is the name of the [standard token provided by GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#using-the-github_token-in-a-workflow). Do we really need to change this?

  test:
    name: mabl Test
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

>     environment: 

Reviewer: Can you provide a link to the docs that say `environment` is _required_?

The [Workflows syntax indicates](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idenvironment) that this is optional. If there is no reference saying this is required, can we add a comment that this is _optional_, so users can keep their configs simple?

- `MABL_API_KEY` {string} - Your mabl API key
  [available here](https://app.mabl.com/workspaces/-/settings/apis) This should
  be installed as a secret in your github repository. The key type should be "Command Line Interface"

> - `GITHUB_TOKEN` {string} (optional) - The Github token for your repository(Your uer icon > Settings > Developer Settings > Personal Access Token). If

Reviewer: I think this token provided by GitHub to your repo workflows. Users shouldn't need to private a token here.
```suggestion
- `GITHUB_TOKEN` {string} (optional) - The GitHub token for your repository provided automatically by GitHub Actions. If
```
